📝 Fix broken link to models documentation (#4026)
huggingface/diffusers: src/diffusers/models/README.md

# Models

> For more detail on the models, please refer to the [docs](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/en/api/models).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detail on the models, please refer to the [docs](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/api/models/overview).
```
